Update README.md (#242)
camunda/issues: README.md

![Logo Dark](https://github.com/camunda/issues/blob/main/resources/Logo_White_Github.png#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Logo Light](https://github.com/camunda/issues/blob/main/resources/Logo_Black.png#gh-light-mode-only)

> # Welcome to Camunda Public Roadmap 

Reviewer: Why rename to "Public Roadmap"?

Can we not keep it as "Issues" and explain that is serves 2 purposes:

* Highlight the roadmap
* Give the ability to open generic issues around Camunda Platform, that do not fit into any of the public component repositories?

Author: I don't have a strong opinion on this, we can keep the name of the repository as it is.

❇️ View the official [Camunda public product roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57).

> Our product roadmap is where you can learn about what features we're working on, what stage they're in, and when we expect to bring them to you. Have any questions or comments about items on the roadmap? Share your feedback by leaving a comment on the issue you are interested in.

Reviewer: How will we notice that an issue retrieved a new comment?

> The issues repository is for communicating Camunda’s roadmap. If you have feedback about the issues repository itself, such as how the issues are presented, let us know through general feedback using the appropriate GitHub issues template.

Reviewer: What do you want to express here? Shall the users create new issues for "meta-feedback"?

Author: The intent here is to enable the user to provide feedback as much on the product as on the process to share the feedback itself. We want to continuously improve the way we interact with them and this feedback is important.

## Guide to the roadmap

> Every item on the roadmap is an issue, with a label that indicates each of the following:

Reviewer: Let's deep-link to the issues.

Reviewer: Let's use a list for the following paragraphs.

Reviewer: Let's use some code-formatting for the `labels`

A feature area that indicates the component of the product to which the item belongs. For a list of current product component, see below.

> A target release version, indicating the version of the product in which we plan to deliver the feature. Camunda has minor releases twice a year, and alpha releases on a monthly basis. Once we know what version we are delivering a feature, we will update the issue to indicate that information.

Reviewer: Let's deep-link https://camunda.com/release-policy/

Once a feature is delivered, the version label will be applied to the roadmap issue and the issue status will be indicate if the feature was delivered in an alpha or minor version.

Some of our features in "Researching" status may still be in the exploratory stages, and have no timeframe available. These are included in the roadmap only for early feedback. 

### Roadmap phases

> The roadmap is arranged on a project board to give a sense for how far out each item is on the horizon. Every product or feature is added to a particular project board column according to the development phase in which it is. Be sure to read the disclaimer below since the roadmap is subject to change, especially further out on the timeline. 

Reviewer: Let's deeplink the roadmap.

#### Alpha: Primarily for testing and feedback
Limited availability, requires pre-release agreement. Features still under development, and subject to change. Not recommended for production use, and limited documentation, SLAs or support provided.

#### Minor: Generally available to all customers
Ready for production use with associated SLA and technical support obligations.

### Public Product Components

- [Zeebe](https://github.com/camunda/zeebe)
- [Connectors](https://github.com/camunda/connectors)
- [Camunda Platform 8 Documentation](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs)
- [Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler)
- [Camunda BPMN JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpmn-js)
- [Camunda DMN JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-dmn-js)
- [Camunda Automation Platform 7](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform)

### Participation

Anyone can participate in the issues repository to share feedback with Camunda or show support for specific features. 

- *Show support for specific feature*: to show your interest, you can write a comment in an existing issue or simply give a thumb up :+1:

> - *Propose a feature*: Use the issue template to propose a Feature Request. Before you do so, make sure to check the component repository (listed above) to find out if the feaure already exist

Reviewer: Let's add a deeplink to the issue template.

> - *Report a bug*: Use the issue template to file a Bug Report. Before you do so, make sure to check the component repository (listed above) to find out if the bug has already been reported

Reviewer: Let's add a deeplink to the issue template.

Reviewer: Let's explain that the should use the respective componet repository to create the issue (if possible / available)

> - *Change to the documentation*: Do you have suggestions to improve the documentation? Please write us using the Documentation Issue template provided and we will make sure to follow up with you.

Reviewer: Should they not better create an issue here https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs ?

# Welcome to Camunda Issues 

❇️ View the official [Camunda public product roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57).

The `camunda/issues` repository has two purposes:

1. Communicating our [product roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57): this is where you can learn about what features we're working on, what stage they're in, and when we expect to bring them to you. Have any questions or comments about items on the roadmap? Share your feedback by leaving a comment on the issue you are interested in.

2. Giving you a voice: If you have a bug to report or a suggestion to propose, then (a) visit the respective component repository listed below and open an issue there or (b) if there is no public repository, open the issue here.

## Guide to the roadmap
Every item on the roadmap is [an issue](https://github.com/camunda/issues/issues), with a `label` that indicates each of the following:

- A `feature area` that indicates the component of the product to which the item belongs. For a list of current public product components, see below.

> - A `target release version`, indicating the version of the product in which we plan to deliver the feature. Camunda has minor releases twice a year, and alpha releases on a monthly basis. Once we know what version we are delivering a feature, we will update the issue to indicate that information. See our [release policy](https://camunda.com/release-policy/) for more information.

Author: Good point - I didn't know the exact difference myself. I have added a paragraph to detail it, based on available info in the Handbook: https://confluence.camunda.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=105513369#ProductDevelopmentProcess(PDP)-Potential

### Roadmap phases
The [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57/views/1) is arranged on a project board to give a sense of how far out each item is on the horizon. Every product or feature is added to a particular project board column according to the development phase in which it is. Be sure to read the disclaimer below since the roadmap is subject to change, especially further out on the timeline. 

#### Researching
We are understanding the problem and researching solutions. In this phase, we are also looking for feedback from users to confirm our hypothesis.

#### In Progress
At this stage, we have understood the problem and we are actively developing a solution.

#### Alpha: Primarily for testing and feedback
Limited availability, requires pre-release agreement. Features still under development, and subject to change. Not recommended for production use, and limited documentation, SLAs or support provided.

#### Minor: Generally available to all customers
Ready for production use with associated SLA and technical support obligations.

> ### Public Product Components

Author: Good catch - I've added it to the list.

- [Zeebe](https://github.com/camunda/zeebe)
- [Connectors](https://github.com/camunda/connectors)
- [Camunda Platform 8 Documentation](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs)
- [Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler)
- [Camunda BPMN JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpmn-js)
- [Camunda DMN JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-dmn-js)
- [Camunda Automation Platform 7](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform)

### Participation

Anyone can participate in the issues repository to share feedback with Camunda or show support for specific features. 

- *Show support for specific feature*: to show your interest, you can write a comment in an existing issue or simply give a thumb up :+1:

> - *Propose a feature*: Use the issue template to propose a Feature Request. Before you do so, make sure to check the component repository (listed above) to find out if the feature already exists

Author: Done

# Welcome to Camunda Issues 

❇️ View the official [Camunda public product roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57).

The `camunda/issues` repository has two purposes:

> 1. **Communicating our [product roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57)**: this is where you can learn about what features we're working on, what stage they're in, and when we expect to bring them to you. Have any questions or comments about items on the roadmap? Share your feedback by leaving a comment on the issue you are interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Communicating our [product roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/camunda/projects/57)**: this is where you can learn about what features we're working on, what stage they're in, and when we expect to release them. Do you have any questions or comments about features on the roadmap? Share your feedback by leaving a comment on the issue you are interested in.
```

2. **Giving you a voice**: If you have a bug to report or a suggestion to propose, then (a) visit the respective [component repository](https://github.com/camunda/issues#public-product-components) listed below and open an issue there or (b) if there is no public repository, [open the issue here](https://github.com/camunda/issues/issues/new/choose).

> ## Guide to the roadmap

Reviewer: Let's please make this consistent.
Currently you talk about `target:xyz` and also about `potential release version`

Reviewer: Additionally, you could use deep link like following to let users easily discover the concrete labels you are talking about:

Example for potential: https://github.com/camunda/issues/labels?q=potential

### Public Product Components

- [Zeebe](https://github.com/camunda/zeebe)
- [Camunda Platform Helm](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm)
- [Connectors](https://github.com/camunda/connectors)
- [Camunda Platform 8 Documentation](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs)
- [Camunda Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler)
- [Camunda BPMN JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpmn-js)
- [Camunda DMN JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-dmn-js)
- [Camunda Automation Platform 7](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform)

### Participation

Anyone can participate in the issues repository to share feedback with Camunda or show support for specific features. 

- *Show support for specific feature*: to show your interest, you can write a comment on an existing issue or simply give a thumb up :+1:
- *Propose a feature*: Use the [issue template](https://github.com/camunda/issues/issues/new/choose) to propose a Feature Request. Before you do so, please check the [component repository](https://github.com/camunda/issues#public-product-components) listed above to find out if the feature already exists.

> - *Report a bug*: Use the issue template to file a Bug Report. Before you do so, make sure to check the component repository (listed above) to find out if the bug has already been reported; and open the bug in the appropriate repository whenever possible.

Reviewer: add deep link here as well for `listed above`
